Add airflow plugin command (#9001)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/plugins.rst

and **hooks**, **operators**, **sensors**, **macros** and web **views**
get integrated to Airflow's main collections and become available for use.

> To troubleshoot plugins issue, you can use ``airflow plugins`` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To troubleshoot issues with plugins you can use ``airflow plugins`` command.
```

Author: I applied your suggestion.

This command dumps information about loaded plugins.

> 

Reviewer: Can we add an example here?

Author: I can add, but I'm not sure it will be useful.  This tool displays a lot of information  When I had one plug-in installed, 56 lines of text were displayed.  We don't have an example in the documentation for the airflow info command either. This is a similar type of command. It displays a lot of information, but it doesn't matter how it looks. On the other hand, we have a description of the `airflow dag show`  command, where the example gives a better understanding of the command.

Reviewer: Ignore it for now then
